Right, so attempt to filling in the OSF registration metadata. Fun fun for all. A vase isn't here, inner is still dropped out as far as I'm aware. But we do have Francois and Miguel. So, where did we get up to last time? We got the study information done, and we came up with three hypotheses. We don't know what we're doing methodologically, and it's non-directional. We should be able to model through the process of writing open-sumption. process of writing open science data guidelines, despite most of us not having done this process before, which is also non-directional. And our past experience has attempted to do open science in an ad hoc way. We're not too far from best practice. I guess we're on to the design plan stage. So, what are we doing here? We're doing observational study because data was collected from study subjects that are not randomly assigned to a treatment. We're not randomly assigned. well I mean we're randomly assigned in the sense that we got told come and do this. So we've been doing. But we have chosen to do this study. Yeah. So we're not random. I guess we can't do blinding because... We are aware of the experimental manipulation. Yeah, because we're... The experimental manipulation... environmental manipulation is we're trying to do it ourselves. Is that right? Yeah, yeah, that's correct. We don't know how it will proceed after we have failed this registration, no? But yeah. Well, I mean, we don't know how it will proceed, but we'll... What I mean is, what if at some point we decide, then... What is... What if... this can be changed after that, or is this, I don't know? No, this is, this is fixed, but I think this is the study of can we go through registration? Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah, sorry. Yeah, I was thinking more on the larger, yeah, in the larger scale, there's a bigger thing, but we also, because we have no idea what we're doing, we can't tell what we're getting... Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, but this is true, and for this one, it's true. Of course, if I wanted... So, I mean, okay, I mean, this is getting slightly up my own ass here, but say I did want to apply treatment to people who are registering studies, which I guess is you guys, I guess I could just ask you to turn away whilst I quickly check the box, this says I have applied a treatment to you. would that even I'd have to fill it in sneakily when you weren't looking also we have access to it yeah it's really hard to do that there's no blinding no so there can't be blinding because can be we can't blinded well we could still so this is I think where Mikhail was going if we then as part of the study present the experimental setup to others and ask them to evaluate it particularly the third hypothesis that says despite not knowing what we're doing we're still doing the right thing then we might want to blind them by giving them something that was prepared by somebody who knows what they're doing versus what we end up producing but i don't think we're at the point where we can even talk about that yet cool is there any additional blinding involved in the study no what i am just thinking is if we go through the direction of no blinding Are we limited in the type of conclusions that we will get out of this? But how would we learn? Yeah, yeah, that's another thing, yeah, I don't know. I don't think we can... We're not limited more by taking that box than by the way we're already running this at the end. Yeah. So I think that's the right thing. Yeah. Okay, so study design. Describe your study design. The key is to be as detailed as necessary given the specific parameters of the design. There may be some overlap between this question and the following questions. That is okay as long as sufficient detail is given. Did we discard all the rest of the... There are multiple... For the blinding ones. Those are mark all that apply. I didn't read all of them. No blindings about the studies. For studies that involve human subjects, they will not know the treatment group. There are no treatment groups. It's just observation. Personnel who interact directly with the study subjects will not be aware of the assigned treatments. There are no assigned treatments. It's observational. Personnel who analyzed the data collected from the study are not aware of the treatment applied to any group. There is no treatment. So it's no, no, no. Yeah. Cool. So it says there's going to be data in following questions. And I'm just kind of half tempted to have a quick flick through what the following questions are. So in sampling plan, it's going to be an explanation of what data we've already got, which we haven't got any data collection procedures, which is. we are going to screen record and analyze transcripts using thematic analysis. Because you are taking a non-linear road at the moment, are we going to say that in order to probably understand the process, we actually didn't follow the linear direction that they proposed to... There's a back button, right? Yeah. Yeah, okay, anyone can go back and follow. Yeah. Yeah. And we're academics, right? We're herdless cats and we will do things in whatever order we think best. I want to point out on the sampling plan, there is no box at the top that we can tick. Because the registration is not prior to the creation of the data. It is creation of data itself. Mm. It's fine. You must select a value. Hmm. It's fine. It's prior to the... We're starting the registration prior to the creation of the data. Well, okay, I just won't run... I'll pretend I haven't run the transcription until we... I mean, that's going to be a lie. I will transcribe it as soon as I get it, but... I won't look at it, I won't look at it, other than to check that it hasn't gone mad. yeah that's fine that's the more similar well no actually no it's registration prior to analysis of data but it assumes that you have created the data I assume it's linear in the sense well we will by the time we register we will have created some of the data we won't have analyzed it but we won't have analyzed it but it will be created by then but yeah it's just we're filling in the form as we create the data which is okay well let's do well let's do this bit here then since we're thinking about it on the design plan you also already had produced that right so you had the whole methodology of processing and and study design which was this what you call it auto-ethnographic thermatic analysis there was there yeah that's the one There was a whole book that you should read. Well, no one's reading the book, but you can read the 12-page paper version of it. Let's stick with this bit here because if we can get the other stuff done. So what is going to be the existing data we already have? The existing data will be screen recordings and meeting minutes. Screen and audio recording. Screen and audio. Things and transcriptions. That's processing already, right? Any transcriptions? Whatever. Well, no, because I'm going to transcribe them before I analyze them. Fair enough. Just because time. And meeting minutes of... us attempting to pre-register this study. the point of filling in the data is the point of access to the data has been limited because we cannot be aware of patterns or summary statistics in the data. I mean you're not telling it really well. They were on the table which is always a bit dodgy down here. You never know if someone trying to poison us. Oh, okay then yeah. But I'm going to eat one and die. We are collecting the data as we attempt. We're pre-recording audio in here, and we've got the book Rumba for a meeting, so I'd go hide. You can use it, but be aware that you might be recorded. You're out here. I mean, with online, it's up to you. as we attempt to register the study to begin with. This research is auto-ethnographic. No. Explanation of how the data, access to the data, has been limited the data doesn't exist yet I think you've answered that right this may include an explanation but you've got off all the need yeah with the saying the data doesn't exist but it's not being created before yeah it does not exist prior to registration well yeah well well the data as a whole if we say part of the data then I think we have to start answering some of the other ones and I this is already measure as hell then we can say registration prior to the creation of data the data does not exist prior to registration prior to creation no well no but we are creating the data yes the data does not exist prior to the oh during the resist yeah yeah yeah so as we register as we go through the process of registering then we create your data so it must be describe the process by which you will collect your data so the process is screen and audio recording recording of and fortnightly meetings of study organizers Organising the study? Who are organising the study? I hope that erase proper pre-registration. That's meta-tivocal. Recruitment is limited to those. who are running the study as it is auto-ethnographic. I like that word. I don't know why. I want to put it everywhere. You may include the meeting minutes in meetings of screen, audio recording for new meetings. We are involving human subjects. Oh well, no. We're not abhor. We're not. Well, it's five notionally because the minutes include in and evase, even if they haven't been here. So the sample sizes the number of academics assigned to the working group currently five. Though not all attend. How many groups? Hey, we're recording in here. Oh, if you're just going through, that's fine. But yeah, that's fine. And the reason we're doing that number of people is the arbitrary constraint of the working group side. When are we going to stop collecting data? when we have completed this poem. It's delightfully measure this, isn't it? It's just... when we have completed the study? Yeah. And produce guidelines, I guess. If all of these is about the pre-registration. No, no, this is about data collection only, right? Yeah. So this is once we've completed pre-registration. Well, we'll still be collecting the minutes, though, from the sessions. But... But... Because the pre-registration is for how to be... But then the pre-registration is for how to be... But then the... previous answer to we've collected all we're pre-registering before analysis we'll be doing the analysis as part of the study you have to include in that whatever happens after the pre-registration. It is too bad. It is, isn't it? I think we're right that it's registration prior to the analysis of data. or is it, it can't be prior to any human observation of the data? Oh, it's fine. It's still prior to the analysis of the data because when we stop. Well, because the assumes data has been collected already. Right, whereas we're, yeah, there's part data. There's just part of it that will be still being produced, but that's fine. Yeah. The fact that it's still being produced is less for risk to the values of the study. Yeah. And I think so long as we're clear that we're analysing the process of it, we're not being deceitful in any way about how we're trying to analyze or collect the data. You can demonstrate that by leaving the shitted jokes in the recording. Yes. So if anyone's got any really filthy jokes, then... Absolutely now, because as part of the scientific record, we should probably have ourselves cancelled. When a vase turns back up, as the person who vaguely understands what we're doing, I'm going to be really interested to see what he says about all this. Because I think, okay, part of this is us muddling through, and we haven't done this process before, and so we're not familiar with it. And part of it is this is kind of wacky anyway. But I think I could, if it was normally doing this just with a normal user study, I could absolutely do this. Because I know I would be doing registration prior to the creation of data, then I'll be going through ethics, then I'd be going through and running the study. And I could say how I was going to analyze it and what I expected to see. It's just because this is horrifically matter that it's so confusing. so long as we're honest about that, that we are confused. I mean, it comes back to the first hypothesis, right? We don't know what we're doing. It also becomes a confounded variable, right? We don't have been easier to do. We still not know what we're doing if it was a different study. Yeah. Shall we try looking at the variable section next? Yeah. How was the design plan? What was missing there? We had to give the method. and we should do randomize. Oh, we can answer the randomisation. That's easy. We are not randomising anything, ourselves. We are already too confused. It's a good job we take science seriously here, isn't it? Well, I mean, So are we manipulating any variables? This is not applicable to any observational study. This is an observational study. And in fact, photos photographic means that we are being influenced by what we observe anyway. Yes. Beyond what we are. serve as how else doing. And it's not applicable anymore. Yeah, it's not. So just you get that, but it's more... Measured variables. So this is where I was suggesting that at the end, we will be producing something that we'll put in front of the school and having them come back. But that is not yet included in there. in this pre-registration. No. Is it? No. No, we will need to write a new one. Yes, because you can't produce that until we've completed the study, in which case that becomes then our paper findings. This is why I was hoping that always had done a meta thing, knowing what he's doing, done the pre-registration of the entire study, including the measurement of our outputs. so that this can be a sub-study of that. But it doesn't matter. I think I only want to go through this meta process once. Here it wouldn't be better. But anyway. Anyway. Let's just go through the measured variables. I don't think we are measuring anything. It's quantitative. Quality. Not quantitative. There are no measured variables. This is a qualitative. Well, at least there is a bullion. We succeeded or not on the process of producing this per visitation. Well, we succeed by default, right? Which is a variable. Sorry? We succeed by default. If we don't succeed it, we don't manage to pre-registered study. Yeah. But is it still a viable or not? Well, it's not because by the time we get to measuring it, it's because it is true. Yeah. What happens if we don't finish the pre-registration? Well, then we don't pre-register the study, do we? But there's no study. To pre-register. I mean, there is a study. There is no pre-registration, successful pre-registration. but the study exists even if we don't pre-resist it. The study exists. The study may exist, but there will be no pre-registration of it. Yeah, that's correct, yeah. But there is still a variable that we succeeded or not. If we don't succeed the pre-registration, we still have run the experiment. Yes. But that forum is nowhere. It's meaningless, but we should still... Beyond the... Yeah, I know it's meaningless, but what I mean... Not of being able to pre-register a study. to begin with. Sometimes I think this would be easier if we were blind drunk. Maybe that can be the next study. It can be a treatment, we apply. I can have alcohol. You two can't, because I need it all, because this is really confusing me, to treatment. We can now go to keep. Oh, no, that means more paperwork. Everyone gets bare. We replied beer to everyone. It's good. Ooh, some of it can be a non-acoholic and we don't tell. But we have to add some bitterness to get. Yeah. He's got bitterness, who's got the placebo, which is just beer water? We double-bladder. We double-blinded it because we jabbed our eyes out and we jabbed everyone who was looking at us eyes out. God help us. If applicable, please define how measures will be combined into an index or even a mean and what measures will be included. This is not we're using. We are using thematic analysis and no quantitative. if measures will be taken. I mean, is the thematic analysis producing, like, are the themes, can it be considered as an index? The themes that you end up with? So at least, what do we mean by an index? Well, it's a single value that represents the characteristics. In which case, no, but if we're talking about the index as being like the index of a book and when were certain topics addressed, then it is an index into the thing. I don't think in the terms of the way it means indexes. That's what it's talking about. I think we've done variables. Should we go on to analysis plan? Yes. We are not using any statistical models. because we are reporting our experiences of doing this process. Right? Mm-hmm. Ooh. I had to come in on the bus this morning. just awful. We will require a coding scheme for categorical variables. Well, it's they're not. Our coding scheme will emerge from our analysis of the data. I'm not sure about the transcription of the video and audio recordings. Oh, good point actually. Which part of a categorization, but it very ambiguous. Well, shall I just say we intend to you, well, we have been using the Westford models for... I mean, you just said it, so you should record it before me. The Open AI, Whisper Models for transcribing audio. other variable. All good. Which we assume. Okay. Which is how much we know what we're doing. So is that measured or manipulated? I think it's measured and manipulated because as we go you're so increasing but that's fine. Right so you mentioned that you would be comfortable doing that in a non-meta study. I would not for example like I really have absolutely no clue what we're doing. So do we want to... But we are not measuring it and we kind of started without measuring it. So I don't know... How would we measure it other than self-reported? Yeah, self-reported, I guess. Okay. Like, you have a measure which is I would know what I was doing if it wasn't so neta. I've got another metric which is I have absolute, like I would not be able to do this even in a non-metter. matter. So I don't understand what you mean because you have been through the process and you didn't find any barriers. Not doing the process? I absolutely have no clue. Just be aware we're recording in here. So that's fine if you want to come through, but just be aware I'm recording audio. So, as you know, I do have a plan to do a study with human beings, which is very unusual, where I'm collecting data, which is also very unusual. And going through this now, I find it hard, and it is not helping me going through it for that. I still don't know how I would do this for that study. You are seeing the type of questions that you may need to consider later. Yeah, but it's still not telling me, like it's still not telling me how I would do this. I would still have no clue what I'm meant to do with those questions. I can think around them, but I don't know that the answers I'm giving are the ones that are expected for that kind of that kind of task. So in that sense, I think I know less than what Joe does. yeah but what I'm doing because I at least whereas I don't understand these quantitative measures really that well at least vaguely get I get the method for you know Quol I don't really get quant but that's just my own thing and you presumably get that quite well in my case the things that I never went through this process but I have run studies on data analysis and collected to the participants information and went through similar processes of collecting this type of information and analyzing, running statistical analysis on the methods that I apply in that data. Then it's not like I am familiar with this particular case, but I am familiarized with the collection of data and all of this, but not with this process. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. So I guess then the question, if we did want to collect this stuff and let's collect it here and now, since we are collecting it here and now, if we put this on a, say, a five point lycard scale, where five represents, I am extremely confident that I know what we're doing in this process, and zero, one represents, I have no confidence in what I'm doing. Yeah, so I understand the questions. I don't know what answers are expected. Yes. Possibly the worst possible point of confusion. So, I mean, in a weird way, I think I'd probably say, I understand the questions. I know what makes sense to me as answers, but I have no idea whether they are what's expected either. And equally, whereas you may say, you're well, I'm. I'm about a one in this, I'd say I'm probably about a four on this, right? I understand the questions, I understand what it's asking and why it's asking them. I just have no idea whether I'm answering them in a useful way, which I think is possibly why there's humour, or at least bad academic attempt at it, sneaking into this stuff, because when it's so hard to work out what you're actually talking about, it's, what about you? Where do you think you'd be on that, like at scale? Yeah, I mean the lower scale, but I wouldn't say one, maybe. But even if I am not familiar with this process, I may say too. But anyway, I agree with you that I don't know what is the expected type of answers. And maybe that's actually a really good point on, well, it says a short example. I'm not sure if I have seen that everywhere else. Yeah, show example. It shows, it probably has examples of what you should expect to write in, I'm not sure it in all of the fields. I mean, it goes back to the old API design guidance, right? You always expect show examples as being a good way to explain what it is that you're doing. And for that, there are no examples here. It doesn't make it exactly. But there are. Yeah, that's what I'm going. Well, there are. But we've been ignoring. But did I mean that everywhere else or is it only here? In the previous box, there's a show example. Yeah, I see it here. I don't know if in the previous ones. Yeah, all of them have it. This is wonderful. Look at that. We're discovering stuff. Okay, that's really useful. Okay. Well, it's an example. No, but it tells you exactly what you're just exactly. you need to. So, okay, so if we go for the measured variable one, single ask will be the perceived taste and the boundary. No, so we're measuring our confidence in the pre-registration process on a one on a one-to-five I'm sorry wrong dash. Like it, that I can type the N dash on a Mac keyboard. So something about me that is deeply uncomfortable. Five scale where one is I have no confidence. Yeah, I will on a sec. And five is I am overconfident? No, utterly confident. Put some quotes in. Well, I mean, ideally I'd be using Emacs, right? Does Control E work on this? Oh, it does. Hey, look, trolley, controlling. You need to open the brackets somewhere. Where? The parent's just before the where. You mean syntax, Sarah? Okay, so are there any other measured things? We are measuring our... We are measuring our process of completing this paper. work. Are we really measuring the process? I don't know what measure we're using. Yes, it will be the analysis, what do you mean? And this is the point, right? This is pre-registering the analysis only. So we are, we will be measuring some form of the process itself. We are measuring the process of collecting the data of filling in and plan as text as textual transcription, we do not know, we do not know. We do not know. Oh, oh, God. Oh, that works. Okay, command Z. Oh, no. Okay, so some of the Emax commands work. Some of them don't. Yeah, I wouldn't expect that what web browser is this one? It's Edge, which is, of course, the one that we are required to use as part of the universe. here Bristol. Not in my Linux machine? In your Linux machine, absolutely. Linux Edge is the only supported browser by the University of Bristol, I believe. I've installed it specially for this study. Well, I'd say read is a strong word. You're being recorded. I know I'm being recorded. Hello. Hello, SELFLY SISO. I love you a lot, even though I think you're nuts sometimes. But that is of no surprise to him. I believe he says the record stands that I am a troll and I'm tolerated on the grounds that I sometimes do reasonable work. I'm filling in the period of just from as free textual transcripts and I guess there's also a... Which will be analyzed? And we don't know what the outcome measure looks like because... For themes... themes once collected. Which will we analyse for themes once analyzed? Has to be that way round, even though it's horrific, because it is. And so that last sentence turns into the success of the pre-registration itself. We'll be measuring. We are measuring the success or not of being able to pre-register at this time. as a Boolean. No, come on, we're computer scientists. Let's make one. It's specified before. This is a bullion. It's true or false, right? Yeah, yeah. Look, let's offer some measures to the electrical engineers in the building with a voltage, under 0.3 volts signifying... No, hang on, I'm being trolley. Yeah, yeah, it's not the other one here, yeah, you're right. So, or an average voltage of above 0.7 and anything in between will be... ...and defined, and stable. Hope that you've got error connection, RAM. Why are we doing this? Let's proceed. We are already, almost not. We are. No, we need to go back to the design. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the almost. In 14 minutes, I think we can do it today. Hang on, let's have a quick look at the metadata. Oh, no. So design plan is the sort of thing we need to do. Show example. We like the show example. Oh, it's much shorter than I thought they were hoping. Okay, so then we can answer. this easy. It's the great sentence that Eves keeps saying to us that we don't really understand. To be as detailed as is necessary even the specific parameters of design. Well, I mean, it looks complex. No, it's between subjects, right? So you've got two groups with one factor. One factor will be given large sugar by maths and four levels. One group is going to be given none. One group is going to be given one gram. One group is going to be given 1 gram. One group is going to be given 10 gram. One group is going to give 100 grams, and they're going to do a direct comparison between the groups. It tells you absolutely everything you need to know. Yeah. Except explain how the groups are going to be selecting. Yeah, for example, randomized logs. Well, it'll be the ones you get the one ground, 10 ground. Yeah, but it's specific a randomized logs, repeated measures. Of the study designers, attempting to pre-register the study and design open, science guidelines. Did we mention open science guidelines in any part of this? Yeah, we did in the study information. I forgot already what we are doing. That's that's that's that was two in the study information. Yeah, we're doing an author of an order of attempt to do open science, let's do an auto-ethnographic study trying to do open science. and design guidelines in order to attempt to do to write guidelines for open science i think that that was the two no no in the first part in order to attempt to write guidelines to do open science oh right guidelines to do open science yeah okay i think it's worth saying to evase as the only person who has a vague idea what we actually are meant to be of doing that he really needs to turn up next week or in two weeks time. That's but he's not going to turn up. What is the missing steps here for the demonstration? Should we just inform our ways? Right? That's right. And no noise because I want to talk to him right after. Should we ask our ways if he wants to take a look at him. before we submit the presentation? No, because I want him, because we should be recording, him having a look at it, and his comments that come back, because that's part of the study. So he should be in here being recorded. And in the nicest. He's not enough to be asking to the court himself, reacting to the, yeah, that's fine for me. I was just. You know what? Evace was the one who insisted that we do it like this. I kind of don't care that it's. pets if he has to wait another week I'd rather we did it like that than we did it in person but he's the one who wanted us to do it like this yeah he should be here to do it yeah otherwise what's the point yeah we're all learning yeah we're all learning we could have done it a lot more cheaply by actually having something worse well yeah yeah pre-raudestor sorry yeah um yeah um yeah Well, at least we have candy. Well, no, but I think, and like in fairness to it all, I think actually the process, I think it is actually interesting looking at how people do it and where they struggle, right? And it will be, and it will make an interesting paper. I think even just the fact that we now look is to show example, but it's so insane. On a giant, what, enormous monitor of death, it took us two weeks to notice the show. And even then when we look at it, we got picky about it. wasn't really helpful. Well, that was kind of funny, right? You aren't familiar with this, and you were like, oh, you were like, this is completely unhelpful, but I kind of went, no, this is helpful because that tells me exactly what you're expecting in terms of, it's a one-line answer, just very succinct, what is the method? I think I'm happy to call it a day here before I turn inward on myself and die. Yeah, and we tell ways that he's expected in two weeks. Yeah. Do you want me to do that? No, I am benevolent dictator. I will go shout at the prof. He's well used to me shouting at him. I am grumpy, and he can bat off me. And if he does, I will go and tell Rooza, who is the person who is doing this, that one of our members isn't taking part and isn't being a productive member of society, which I believe is the correct process of following for doing this and is a reasonable way of doing it. I'm going to cut recording now.